Well now that we are in our SS file over here you can see that I already made a comment and now we're
going to start styling this section so here you can see that this is going to be create Web site Easyway
and we're going to start here within about an hour we're going to say like this.
This is going to be padding 40 pixels over here and we're going to have a background and the background
and a hashtag see 1999 right here.
This grayish color then we're going to have for both of them for a about text and about video.
We're going to say like this or say about or hear text.
So those are the two ideas and then we're going to hashtag about video for both of them are going to
have a padding for the pixels when you're doing this.
All right.
So you can see that I must stop all that because I put a padding pixels over here so this shouldn't
be like this.
And I can see that both of them got 40 pixels.
Now I think that we would want to work with and about this heading to.
So I'm going to say hash tag about your text and I'm going to say this is going to be heading we're
here too.
Then once we actually select this we're going to say color and we're going to say or here and this is
going to be 5 5 5 year like this.
And then we're going to give it a font size font size and say 35 pixels.
Right so now we have a bigger heading to then we're going to have a paragraph.
So we're going to say or hear hash tag about them say text.
And this is going to be paragraph.
And over here all of them say this is going to be a margin margins is going to be 20 pixels and 0.
So here on the sides again there's no margin on the top bottom 20 pixels.
And then we're going to work over here with the like.
So what we would need to do is actually go back over here to the next page and actually create a link.
We're going to go back over here to in exchange IMAO and find underneath the paragraphs we're going
to go here.
We're going to say this is going to be a link so I can just press a time then this is going to be a
hash tag because it's a dummy link.
Or here we're going to say no more but we actually need to write inside the link more and our hero going
to create a I is going to be for four years like this press tab and now we have all here our button
with a link.
All right.
So this is going to be late but we're going to it like a button.
Then we're going to go back to main success and we're going to keep on styling.
So here are going to say that this is going to be about text only this time.
This is going to be actual link.
So we're going to like this and this is going to be a hashtag about it text.
Hey we're going to stay like this.
This is going to be on display in line block.
We're here because we don't want it to be spanning all across.
Right.
So basically we want to have some kind of padding right for the actual button.
But if we're going to have a blog that is going to be with is going to be hundred percent all right.
But if we're going to leave it like this then it's going to be in line on.
So therefore this is going to be a middle ground where we're seeing this plane line work.
We're going to have a text decoration.
None.
Then we're going to have a font size let's say 30 pixels.
When you're doing this then we're going out over here a ring.
So I'm going to say padding 10 pixels.
Then over here we're going to say that this is going to be text transform text transform to uppercase.
Then we're going to have a color code is going to hash tag.
F5 F5 F5.
And then after that we're going to have a border and the border is going to be two pixels solid solid
over here and we're going to say hash tag to be on here 9 8 0.
So over here like this.
Then after that we would want the actual background.
So we're going to say over here that this is going to be a background.
This is going to be again the same color.
So can you just grab this one and actually copy I'm going copy copy and paste and now we have all that
and I you are going to are going to do transition transition is going to be background my ground zero
point five seconds ease and we're going to have a border.
And this is going to be zero point five seconds as we're hearing this.
Now did we have this was going to work with in about text a hover.
And so once we're hovering what what should happen here.
We're going to say a about and we're going to say text.
And this is going to be however you know here what should happen so we're going to say first of all
background and we're going to get a transparent transparent background and then we're going to have
a border here.
And this is going to be two pixels solid and we are going to say.
F5 F5 F5 F5 F5.
And this.
So now we can actually save this main CSSA over here right.
And now we're ready to go.
And actually I mean equerries right.
Because if we go back over here and we look over here right with the project that we're working on that
everything is fine right.
Once we refresh.
However over here you can see that this is not what one would actually want them side by side.
So something along the lines how they look over here.
So we're going to have to have a media queries.